From Hansel minutes.com. It's Hanselman.
It's a weekly discussion with
web developer and technologist Scott
Hanselman. This is Lawrence Ryan announcing
show number one 94. Recorded
live Friday, January 8th, 2010. Support for
Hansel minutes is provided by
Tellerik rad controls, the most
comprehensive suite of components for
windows forms and asp.net web
applications. online@wwwdottelerik.com. In this episode,
Scott talks with Warren sand
and his son Carter about
their new book. Hello world.
Hi, this is Scott Hanselman
and this is another episode
of Hansel minutes. And today
I've got on the phone
from California Warren and Carter
sand. They are the authors
of hello, world, computer programming
for kids and other beginners.
How's it going guys? Great.
So Warren, you're an engineer,
but a Carter as an
author. You're, you're kind of
in a unique situation. How
old are you, sir? I'm
10 years old. You're 10.
And when did you start
writing this book? I started
writing this book when I
was six years old. So
you've been working on this
book for basically 40% of
your life. So you've, you've
always been writing a book
haven't you? Yeah, I guess
I could say that. And
did you, were you, did
you actually write stuff? Did
you sit down and write
programs and did your dad
test things on you or
what was the relationship? How
did you guys work together
on this book? Well, I
wrote a lot of things
in the book and my
dad also wrote a lot
of things. The primary things
that I wrote were the
virtual pet programs in the
book, which my dad did
help me with a little
bit. And also anytime you
see a little cartoon of
me with the speech bubble,
I also wrote that, Oh,
okay. And this is a
print. This was an interesting
book. I read this book
the last couple of days
and because it's called hello
world, and it's got a,
you know, kind of a
cartoon picture of you and
your dad. I thought that
it would be, and, you
know, forgive me for phrasing
it this way, but I
thought it would be kind
of dumbed down. You know,
I thought that you were
going to make it really,
really, really, almost too basic,
but I found it to
be really enjoyable to read.
I didn't feel that you
were, you know, pulling any
punches. I kind of assumed
that, that you were maybe
in your teens, what ages
do you think that kids
could read a book like
this? Cause it's, it's, it's
simple, but it's complicated at
the same time. I think
we really tried not to
dumb it down so it
could be used by beginners,
but also if people want
to go deeper that they
could and really also for,
you know, beginner adults. So
it wouldn't seem like it
was just a kid's book.
The age question is one
that we've had quite A
few times and it's kind
of hard to answer. Like
some kids could be, you
know, six or eight years
old really, and get a
start on as long as
they can read. Well, and
they have a really basic
knowledge of computers, like how
to operate the computer and
save files and things like
that. And some kids would
be a little bit older
when they're, when they're ready
for it. It really just
depends on the kid. It
all goes to probably, I
would say motivation is one
of the key factors. If
you're motivated to learn programming,
then you can use this
book. I think. Yeah. I
think that's an interesting, an
interesting point. Sometimes I feel
like beginner programmer books spend
a lot of time trying
to convince the reader to
be interested. And it definitely
seemed like, like the way
that you've structured, this was
that you assumed that the
people that are already pretty
interested in getting involved and
you're enabling them rather than
trying to convince them of
why being a programmer would
be a good thing. Right?
Yeah. There's a little bit
of that at the start.
I mean, I do think
that learning programming is a
very valuable and good thing
to do, even if you're
not going to be a
programmer when you grow up,
like if you're going to
be in some other career,
because just a little bit
of programming knowledge, even the
basics can help you no
matter what kind of career
you go into. I think,
Yeah. That's a really interesting
point because I had asked
you just before, if you
were a programmer and you
said you were an engineer,
but so you probably use
programming in your job, but
you're not a professional coder.
Is that right? Yes, that's
right. And then, so do
you find yourself writing code
occasionally to solve the problems
that you're trying to solve?
Yeah, I do. I mean,
I've done a little bit
of embedded scene programming. I've
done some scripting to automate
things that I do in
my job. So I do
write code from time to
time. Do you think that
everyone should learn should learn
coding? I mean, I, I've
always said that, you know,
some point in your life
you're going to be working
somewhere and you'll need to
write an Excel macro. And
if you had a programming
class early in your life,
that macro that you write
in Microsoft Excel will be
so much easier if your
brain is tuned to those
kinds of, of construct. Exactly.
That's, that's exactly what I
was thinking. Like there's so
many people who, again, aren't
in programming work, whether it's
in engineering or finance or
whatever the job, and it
may be that even just
a little bit of basic
programming, like you said, to
do an Excel macro or
a little script to automate
some tasks that they need
to do every day. Just
that basic programming knowledge is
really valuable. Now, now that
this book has done Carter,
do you find yourself writing
programs all the time to
solve problems for, for school
or do you, do you
mostly write games? Well, I'd
say that I program like
every once in a while,
probably once a week, for
example, or yeller this school
year, I needed to learn
my math facts, which I
was getting a little rusty
on. So I wrote just
a very simple program to
test me on my math
tax and see how well
I did. That's a pretty
cool thing. So you wrote
a program to test yourself
on math and this is
something that you came up
with on your own? Yes.
It was something that I
came up with on my
own Now, amongst the ten-year-old
set and not, you have
to forgive me. I haven't
been 10 for a very
long time amongst people who
are 10. Do you think
there are a lot of
programmers? Well, that's kind of
hard to say because like
most ten-year-olds that I know
aren't really programmers, but there
probably might be. Now when
you started learning about programming,
did you think you would
maybe be like write games
for like an Nintendo? I
suppose ten-year-olds play, play handheld
games. Actually. I think lots
of ten-year-olds would want to
do that, do that, but
the problem with that is
like video games that are
out today, like Mario and
Zelda and all those other
games. Those are like some
of the most complicated pieces
of programming around. So that
wouldn't really be something that
you would tackle when you
were first being in programming.
Like I am, But you
did write a game or
two for, for this book,
which I thought was pretty,
pretty cool. What, what games
did you ride Then? The
main games that I wrote,
I think were the hang
man and the virtual pack,
those were kind of my
two main games. I also
wrote one of the more
basic games. It was called
Paul. And you have a
little paddle, which you control
with your mouse and, and
you have to get a
ball to like bounce off
the top of the screen.
And like, if the ball
goes past your paddle and
you lose the life. And
what was the hardest part
about writing a game like
that? The hardest part I
think, was finding all the
little tiny bugs that I
made. Like that is always
going to be the hardest
part of programming for me
is the debugging. You really
have to think outside the
box for that. And you
said the tiny bugs is
it are the tiny bugs
harder to find than the
big bugs? Well, I think
they were, they are because
like Facebook's place on gives
you an error and it
tells you exactly where the
bug is, but little bugs,
let's say like the ball
kind of floated past the
top of the screen, instead
of bouncing off, those would
be harder to find because
Python wouldn't alert you and
it wouldn't tell you where
it was. You'd have to
like search all of the
code by herself. Sometimes I
think that the difference between
those kinds of that, the
big bugs and the little
bugs is kind of like
when you're writing a report
and sometimes Microsoft word will
tell you that you misspelled
something and sometimes it won't,
but it's still wrong. So
like, if you spell something
wrong, it'll put a little
squiggly under it and then
you know that that's wrong,
but sometimes you just have
poor grammar or you've written
something wrong and that's like
a little bug that you
have to really hunt for
and think about, do you
think so? Yes, I do
think so. That's one of
the things actually that I
think learning program Is valuable
because it teaches you to
problem solve and to find
those harder, to find bugs
in order to get things
working. I think that's one
of the reasons that, again,
even if you're not going
to be a program or
learning programming is kind of
like learning how to learn
and learning how to think
or learning how to problem
solve. So I think that's
why it's really valuable. Really.
Do you think that that
changed the way that that
Carter's brain kind of was
wired when you started thinking
about moving from what is
he now fourth grade from
first grade? I'm not sure.
I think people who, who
are into computer programming, computers
and that sort of thing,
maybe they are, they tend
to think that way already.
They tend to be that
problem solving type of person
who can look at those
hard problems and find the
answers more easily than the
average person can. But I
think probably that doing a
lot of programming did help
in that direction as well.
Cause I'm interested in, in
what the learning about programming
does to a child's brain.
It basically, I'm trying to
think about nature versus nurture
cause you know that amongst
programmers and engineer types, there's
always the joke that you
can spot. You can spot
a nerd. And when I
was a kid being a
nerd, wasn't, wasn't cool. But
I suppose now in the,
in the time of Carter
being a nerd, it's pretty,
it was pretty cool. If
you know about Twitter and
you know about Facebook, that's
not being a nerd at
all. That's just being connected.
And in here you've done
a little experiment where you've
started with a kindergarten or
a first grader and been,
been writing a book for
his on programming for his
entire career. Do you think
that Carter would think differently
if you'd never written the
book? I think so, because
I think he, if we
hadn't written the book, he
wouldn't be doing as much
for Grammy. He wouldn't be
on the computer as much.
He wouldn't be in that,
that thinking problem, solving debugging
mode nearly as much. And
so, yeah, I think it
has affected probably the way
he thinks and the way
he approaches things. What do
you think about that card?
Or do you think that
your brain works differently because
you worked on this book?
I don't actually know, but
I do know that I
am pretty good at problem
solving and I'm not sure
if that was a result
of the book or something
that made me like programming
in the first place. Yeah.
That's an interesting question. One
of the things too with
us is that I think
with Carter, when he showed
an interest in computers, I
mean, it's very young, like
three or four years old,
you know, we said, go
ahead, go for it. We
didn't wait and say, Oh,
he's too young for computers.
He's too young to do
that. We just let them
go with it. And that
was one of the main
differences with Carter. Was it
hard to get, to get
kids interested in the text
aspect of things? Don't you
think that, you know, in
examples you use Python and
the, the idol IDE it's
not exactly thrilling stuff typing
at the command line, but
I mean, that's how I
learned to program. I just
wonder if kids these days
want to know how to
make a little man walk
around on the screen immediately
and they're not interested in
the text. Well, I was
worried about that too, but
actually it's funny when you
actually see kids going through
that and doing the first
programs that are all text-based
of course, because the graphics
takes a much higher level
of programming before you get
to the point where you
can make graphics on the
screen. Even just the very
basic set, just making the
computer, do something and do
what you want it to
do. Kids love it. And
they, even if it's a
simple text based program, they
really get into it and
they really enjoy it. Hmm.
Now you picked Python to
start out with, why did
you pick Python? Well, a
couple of reasons. One is
that I'd been using Python
network and I really enjoyed
it as a language. I
found it very easy to
use. I found it had
a nice, clear syntax, and
I kind of thought as
I was using it. So
it'd be a good language
for teaching programming again, because
you know, it has a
very nice, clear syntax. And
also because it's an interpreted
language, so you can get
immediate feedback, you can try
little one liners and see
what happens. That those couple
of attributes make Python really
good for teaching, I think.
And were you, at what
point did you move from
text to graphics For myself?
I very soon after I
started using Python, I mean,
one of the first things
I want to use it
for was a graphical application.
So I learned the very
basic Python stuff first. And
then I quickly moved into
a, using a Python module
that allowed you to do
some graphic stuff, which we
do actually cover in the
book as well called it's
called Python card. It's a
way to build some simple
gooeys, but I mean, you
can definitely start off with
it, get the basics in
the text mode and then
add the graphics later. The
other nice thing about Python
course is that it's, it's
free. And also it's available
for, you know, all the
platforms, Linux, Mac, and windows.
So all the like in
schools, you can find a
lot of computer labs still
use a lot of max
or some of them are
starting to use Linux boxes
now, as well as all
the windows machines that are
out there. So having a
language that's really truly cross
platform is also nice. Hey
everybody, this is Scott coming
at you from another place
in time. No doubt. You
probably bumped into testing tasks
now, and then, and your
work and, you know, writing
functional tests is probably not
your favorite thing. It's kind
of difficult. It takes time
and the results can be
dubious. Well, get ready to
start liking tests. Thanks to
Tellerik with the, the new
webinar testing framework. Building web
automation test is a breeze.
You've got code automation with
advanced asp.net, Ajax and server
wide applications. You can write
a single test, have it
executed against multiple browsers at
once. You'd benefit from a
rich API there's link support
integration with visual studio, unit
testing, also end unit X
unit and NBA unit, not
to mention the free rappers
for Telerik rad controls for
ESPN and Ajax and several
light, all shipping with Telerik's
new testing tool. One of
the best features, the webinar
testing framework, which is developed
by art of test is
it's absolutely free Friday, got
hooked on web testing framework,
start using it right away,
go to tellerik.com for more
info. Thanks a lot. And
when you, when you had
this idea, w had he
had, had Carter already expressed
interest in working on Oh,
for sure. Like he was
interested in the computer from
the time he could read
basically, which was about three
years old. And so, I
mean, the first things we
did is he, he just
wanted to play on the
computer, so we would just
start up, you know, word
and let him type things
and draw pictures using the
drawing tools and that sort
of thing. And before too
long, he decided he wanted
to do a little bit
more with it. And he
started to do a little
bit of HTML, make some
simple webpages most time he
was five. He really kind
of wants to, you know,
programming stuff. And he started
asking about, can we make
a game or can we
make a program? And that's
when we really got rolling
on thinking about, well, what
resources are out there to
help teach them programming. And
when I started looking around,
I didn't really find any
books that I found that
were suitable or really good
for teaching kids or beginners
programming. And that's sort of
where the idea came from
for writing this. Have you
done any, have you thought
about any web programming, most
of the programming in this
book was kind of graphical
user interfaces and kind of
the fundamentals. Have you, have
you worked up to create
creating web pages with Python?
We haven't, no. We don't
really cover any web programming
in the book. Have you
done that since? Not yet.
No. Maybe that'll be the
next book, but we haven't
really started on that yet.
When you started, when you
started writing this book, did
you, did you already have
a publisher? I'm just kind
of curious about the process
because you're not a programmer
and this is your first
book. Yeah. So no, we
didn't have a publisher at
all. When we first started
that we just had some
ideas. We started, you know,
it was just a project
that we were doing Carter
and I together to have
something to work on together
and to help Carter learn
programming. And we worked on
it that way for probably
about a year and a
half. We had, you know,
outlines for all the chapters.
We have a fair number
of chapters written, probably a
couple of hundred pages of
material was done. All our
example programs and everything. And
at that point we kind
of didn't know what we
were going to do with
it. Should we try and
self publish it or should
we try and find a
publisher for it? It wasn't
really clear what we would
do or just do nothing,
just, you know, let it
be its own little private
project. So at that point
I did have a, an
idea to start sending out
proposals for this book to
publishers, just to see if
there was any interest. And
as I was just starting
to do that, I saw
a message in a Python
newsgroup that said, Hey, if
you are a Python author
or know someone who's an
author of the beginners, but
for Python, let me know,
because I know a publisher
who is looking to do
a book like that. And
so I saw this message
and replied to it and
the person put me in
touch with someone at mountain
publications. And literally like before
I knew it, I was
signed up with a publishing
contract. Wow. Is it supposed
to be that easy? That
seems, I don't think it's
supposed to be that easy
from what I've heard. That's
that's the exception, not the
rule. It just was, you
know, sort of preparation meeting
opportunity. We had this thing
that was sort of half
finished or more than half
finished. And we had a
publisher who was looking to
do that kind of book.
And I was very fortunate
that Michael Stevens at Manning was
very excited about this kind
of project. It's something he'd
be wanting to do for
awhile. And so just the
timing worked out perfectly. Wow.
Now you've been working on
this for four years and
We started, yeah. From the
time we started til the
time that we signed up
with Manning was about a
year and a half, maybe
two years. And then after
that, it was about another
year and a half or
so by the time the
book was actually released and
published. So a total of
three, three and a half
years from inception to hitting
the bookshelves. Hm. I've got
a, I've got a two
year old and I've got
a four year old. And
my, my wife and I
always joke about the time
when the four year old
will become like, you know,
really useful as the, as
opposed to the, the, I'm
trying to be useful part
of, you know, growing up,
you know, right now we'll
go shopping and he'll really,
really want to be useful,
but inevitably, you know, drop
something or clean up on
aisle two, you got to
experience your, your son going
from, you know, a little
small person to a larger,
much more useful person. Did
he get more and more
involved in the book? The
older that he got? Well,
he was pretty involved right
from the start. Like he
was, you know, very keen
and he was helping with,
you know, ideas. We worked
on all the ideas together,
the what should be in
the book, how, how should
it be written? How can
we make it easy for
kids to understand and make
it interesting? I think that
it didn't really ramp up
from the start. It started
at a very high level
and continued that way all
the way through his involvement.
I think quite honestly, it
never, would've got finished this
book. If Carter hadn't been
involved, it would just have
been me if I hadn't
had kids or whatever. And
I just got an idea
to write this book. I
probably wouldn't have had the
initiative to get it finished.
I don't think without Carter's
excitement and interest and pushing
it along and saying, daddy
let's work on the book
instead of reading stories tonight
and things like that. I
don't think it would have
got finished. Wow. That's really
cool. Cause I, you know,
when, when I saw that,
that the book was written
by a father and son,
one, one always wonder is
how involved really was the
son. And like, like Carter
was listing out all the
different things, different parts of
the books that he worked
on. It sounded like it
really was a collaborative, collaborative
thing. Absolutely. Like you can
definitely see Carter's, you know,
voice and input in the
book in many, many places,
Carter, as like, as you
get into the book, you
know, around chapter 14, 15,
16 things start getting pretty
complicated towards chapter 17, you've
got sprites and collision detection
and things like that. What
part of the book did
you, did you think was
the hardest, Well, I don't
know. It was all kind
of pretty hard writing this
book, like the whole book
from your first print, hello
world to spreads and collision
detection. It was all kind
of a challenge to make
it simple and easy to
understand and something that people
would like. So I don't
really think that there was
any hardest part of the
book from my point of
view. So the whole process
was hard. Was it the
book writing or the programming
that was harder? I would
probably say the book writing
because when you're writing for
a computer, like, you know
exactly what the computer wants,
but we didn't really know
exactly what the, like people
who are going to read
our book wanted. So we
had to try harder to
make something that people would
like. And when you were,
when you were writing this,
were you thinking, were you
thinking about kids your age
or who were you, who
were you thinking about when
you could envision, who was
writing the book? Well, generally
I was thinking kids, but
as, but as we like
thought more on steam, middle,
and the end of the
book, I just kind of
started thinking about it as
beginners nurse in general, not
just kids. So you thought
about like adults, like I
could, I could start with
your book and start learning
programming. No problem. Yes. You
probably could. Hmm. Now what
can you tell me about
Python card Carter? Well, play
sound card is a more
or less simple gooey creation
module for Python. And usually
when I start a Python
card program, I start with
the resource editor, which is
a tool in Python card
that lets you just kind
of start with a window
and drop in buttons and
text fields and labels and
lots of other things. And
then I write the code
for it. So the resource
describes what's going on in
the form. And then the
code is somewhere else in
another file. The resource describes
exactly what the window looks
like and what's there and
where it is. And then
the code is in another
file and it's just kind
of the underlying code that
handles all the events. Okay.
So what's an event, An
event on a computer, at
least insulin. Like somebody clicks
the button or just something
that happens in the program.
It could be like somebody
moves the mouse or somebody
close to the window or,
or somebody like type something
into the text field. So
when you have say somebody
clicks on a button, usually
have an event handler, which
handles the event and does
whatever the button does. So
she clicked on a button
that says, submit, say on
the form, the event handler
would probably send the contents
of the form to somewhere.
You sound like you've got
a pretty good handle on
all this. You didn't this
difficult at all. When, when
you started getting into object
orientation, did, did, did you,
did you write your applications
differently? So we're on chapter
14, you started introducing objects.
Were you writing programs without
objects earlier? And then you
started using objects later. Also
when you get into the
later chapters where you're looking
at pie game and Python
card, and some of the
other modules that we use
for graphics and sound, they
are, they use pythons auditorium
to nature in the way
that they're written. So you
are really sort of forced
to write more object oriented
code because that's the way
to interface with those modules.
Okay. So you introduced object
orientation because of the use
of objects within libraries? Not
necessarily. Exactly. So if people
are gonna start using those
libraries and they see this
dot notation, I see objects
being used at, they certainly
need to know how that
works in the background. What's
really going on. Yeah. I
was thinking about that. Like
how do you, how do
you introduce that concept of
object orientation? I remember when
I first got my taste
of programming, someone tried to
teach me C plus plus
first and not just real
basics. And they started, they
said, all right, well, the
first thing you need to
know is about an object.
And I kind of felt
like a kind of a
regular procedural small application would
have been a better place
for me to start. Cause
object orientation was very difficult
as an introduction. And in
here you've chosen to put
that pretty far into the
book chapter 14, Because I
agree. I think that starting
with object oriented type programming,
isn't the way to go.
I think starting with simpler
procedural oriented code is a
good way to get an
introduction to all the basic
things like variables and looping
and decision decisions. And so
on the if statements and
then once you get the
basic figuring out how program
flows and those basic constructs,
then you can introduce other
things like objects and then
graphics and sound. And the
other things. Have you tested
this on other kids that
aren't Carter? How, or how
are other people finding the,
finding the book, maybe teachers
or schools We did actually
in the review process of
writing the book. This is
when we, after we got
engaged with Manning and we
started finishing off the book,
there was quite a extensive
review process, which included lots
of kids and teachers and
other educators. So it was
a quite an extensive process.
And we got really good
feedback from kids of ages,
from Carter's age on up
to, there were some high
school kids, some college students,
teachers, and, you know, right.
The whole age range. And
we got good feedback from
all those people Really until
college students as well. And
what about adults? What about
fresh adults? Cause I'm thinking
about letting my wife read
this book. It's funny. There's
actually been several comments that
if you look at some
of the reviews on and
so on that we've gotten
in other places, there's people
who said, you know, I
reviewed this book and it's
really, it looks like it'd
be really good for beginners
in my, my non programmer
wife tried it. And she
even is interested in it.
You know, we've got comments
like that. And we've got
comments from people who are
seniors, who haven't done programming
for 30 years and they
want to get back into
it. And they found this
book has a really good
way to get restarted in
programming. Hmm. Well, that's, that's,
that's pretty cool. That makes
me feel better. So I
shouldn't let the four kids
part of the title slow
me down. No, and that's
actually why we put the,
that's why we add at
the end, other beginners in
the title as well, because
it isn't just for kids.
And as you noted at
the start, it, it doesn't
really, you know, talk down
to the audience. So it's
really good for all ages.
Do you think that programming
should be something that everyone
should learn in school and
at what age should they
all start? That's a tough
one. I think that programming
is a very useful thing
for all kids to learn
in school. But as we
were talking about before, motivation
is such an important factor.
So if you have kids
in school who aren't interested
at all in learning programming,
I'm not sure if forcing
them to learn programming is
the right thing to do.
I'm a little bit on
the fence on that one
while I think it would
be really valuable. If all
kids could learn some programming,
if they don't have the
motivation, it might be the
kind of subject where some
kids just aren't going to
be interested and just aren't
going to learn anything. So
that's a tough one, But,
but we forced them to
learn English and we forced
them to learn math. Why,
why do we find those
subjects appropriately, forcible, but not
programming. Maybe it's just history
because you know, Matt's been
around for thousands of years
and programming hasn't been right.
Hmm. Yeah. The motivation thing
is interesting. The, the nature
versus nurture discussion is very
complex. I wonder I was
a professor at, at our
state university for a while
and there were a number
of times where I had
to pull people aside and
figure out how to say,
you know, and there's no,
you know, it's just as
difficult to say it now,
as it was to those
people that may be programming,
isn't really what you need
to be doing. You know?
I mean, you don't want
to discourage a student ever,
but at the same time,
some people just have a
knack for it. And it's
interesting when you, when you
say or threatened to say
something like that to a
person about an intellectual, an
an intellectual thing that they
want to accomplish, that's, that's
not okay. But if someone's
physically not able to do
something, that's, that's kind of,
okay, like I'm not a
very good long jumper. So
I don't think anyone would
be offended if a coach
came over and said, you
know, Scott, maybe the long
jumps, really not what you
need to be doing. And
I would go, you know,
yeah, the stats don't lie.
I'm not a long jumper.
And I would go on
and I'd pick another sport,
but to, to go to
someone and say maybe programming
or whatever, some intellectual pursuit
that they're interested in is
not their thing. Cause, cause
then you, cause for every
time you do that, there's
a person who, who Rose
up and, and accomplished something.
Great. Anyway, even though they're
not wired way, The other
thing too is how do
you know whether it's not
your thing or not until
you try it? How do
you know it's going to
be your thing or not?
So probably some exposure to
programming at some point. And
I would say probably the
middle school, age ranges is
a good thing to have.
Yeah. And how far into
it do you go before
you realize it's not your
thing? I didn't realize math.
Wasn't my thing until calculus,
right? I mean, basic math,
you know, everything up to,
but not including calculus. I
totally rock. And then my
calculus teacher pulled me aside
and said, you know, really,
you need to just try
to get a C in
this class. And if you
can pull that off, you
should be happy with that.
Yeah. I actually had the
same experience, but then I
found a really good calculus
teacher. And then I went
to the next level for
my engineering education. So sometimes
it depends on a lot
of other factors too. The
teacher, you have the course
material that you have and
that sort of thing We
don't, that may actually bring
the discussion full circle because
perhaps all it is is
the right book or the
right teacher. And then anyone
can learn programming. Exactly. Well,
that's what we hope. Right?
I mean, I think that
this book is written somewhat
like a textbook. I mean,
it's really meant for home
use, but I think it
could have application in schools
as well. I could see
it, this book or some
slight derivative on this book
being used as a textbook
in like a middle school
computer class. Very, very cool.
All right. Well, the book
can be a is hello,
world, computer programming for kids
and other beginners. And you
can get it@manning.com and you
guys set up a 40%
off code for us. It's
a H a N S
E L M like Hansel
man, except handsome 40. I'll
put that up on the
website and that is going
to be good until the
end of January. If folks
want to buy that book
at a, at a 40%
discount and they can check
it out, I assume in
bookstores everywhere. Yeah, that's right.
Well, thanks so much Warren
and Carter. I really appreciate
your time. Thank you very
much. This has been another
episode of Hansel minutes and
I'll see you again next
week.